textbook/README.md, before:

# Textbook overview
Each lecture will have a
	* welcome (Short paragraph/video along with outcomes)
	* breakGround (Devyn and Riley)
	* multiple digIn's (sections of the chapter)
	* collaborate (recitations)
	* reinforce (problems)

# Textbook outline

* [Understanding functions](understandingFunctions/)
     - What is a function
     - Domain and range, intervals of increasing and decreasing
     - Function operations including composition
     - Basic functions: linear, polynomial, rational, roots, piecewise, absolute value
     - Emphasize piecewise (difficult for students on exams)
     - Triangle problems?
* [Review of famous functions](reviewOfFamousFunctions/)
     - quiz (in all sections) to assess understanding; say something (not in writing) emphasizing that students struggling with this quiz could move to 1150.
     - table of properties
     - some problems in homework emphasizing that you should already know all this
     - graphs, properties, algebraic properties, domain and range, idea of inverse functions
     - $e^x$, $\ln(x)$, trig functions, inverse trig functions
* [What is a limit?](whatIsALimit/)
     - Limits as understanding local behavior of functions. $\sin(x)/x$
     - Wishy-washy ``nearer and nearer'' definition of limits.
     - one-sided limits.
     - Determine graphically whether a particular limit exists.
     - estimating limits numerically and possible errors to this method.
     - determinate and indeterminate forms.
     - include limits with variables in them (to help with derivatives later)
* [Limit laws](limitLaws/)
     - Definition of Continuity
     - Limit Laws
     - Sin/Cos Cont. 
     - Replace a function with a continuous function.
     - Squeeze Theorem
* [Indeterminate forms](indeterminateForms/)
     - AKA ``functions that blow up''
     - idea of the form of a limit (e.g., first time seeing indeterminate forms versus ``determinate'' forms)
     - determinate and indeterminate forms
     - limits of the form non-zero/zero
     - limits of the form zero/zero (do more algebra)
     - determinate and indeterminate forms
* [Using limits to detect asymptotes](asymptotesAsLimits/)
     - definition of vertical asymptotes
     - definition of horizontal asymptotes
     - Slant asymptotes
     - Algebra with infinity. (Determinants forms with infinity) 
     - limits to infinity of famous functions
* [Continuity and the Intermediate Value Theorem](continuity/)
     - bisection method
* [Overview of limits](overviewOfLimits/)
     - epsilon-delta content in ``bonus'' section
     - ??? include some error estimation ???
* [Definition of the derivative](definitionOfTheDerivative/)
     - derivative as instantaneous velocity
     - derivative as slope of the tangent line
     - average vs. instantaneous rate of change
     - compute the derivative at a point
     - ??? introduce some linear approximation ideas ???
* [The derivative as a function](derivativeAsAFunction/)
     - Computing the limits that arise from derivatives, finding $f'(x)$ for general $x$
     - Finding the derivative from the graph of the function
     - Relationship between Differentiability and Continuity
     - making piecewise functions continuous
     - Send out some mechanical practice
* [Higher order derivatives and graphs](higherOrderDerivativesAndGraphs/)
     - Higher Order Derivatives Notation/Definition
     - $f''$ as acceleration
     - Concavity
     - Some word problems where you are given a table of values or graph
     - Identifying the relationships between $f$, $f'$, $f''$, such as $f'<0$ implies $f$ decreasing, etc.  (proof later)
     - Drawing graphs: given two of $f$, $f'$, $f''$, draw the third
     - Given a list of properties, draw the (``a'') graph; there isn't a single answer
* [Rules of differentiation](rulesOfDifferentiation/)
     - Constant Rule, Constant Multiple, Sum and Difference
     - Generalized Power Rule (proof for integers only, general proof later)
     - Derivatives of $e^x$ and $\sin(x)$ with proof
     - Derivative of $\ln(x)$ but proof later
     - Some Rates of Change Word Problems
* [The product and quotient rules](productAndQuotientRules/)
     - Some rates of change word problems
* [The chain rule](chainRule/)
     - Review composition of functions
     - Some rates of change word problems
* [Mean Value Theorem](meanValueTheorem/)
     - ??? MVT as a linear version of Taylor’s Theorem ???
* [Linear approximation](linearApproximation/)
     - Emphasis on relationship between linear approximation and tangent line
     - Linear approximation as a function whose graph is the tangent line
     - Second derivative measuring failure of linear approximation
     - ??? differentials ???
     - ??? error bounds ???
* [Maximums and minimums](maximumsAndMinimums/)
     - Define Critical Points, Inflection Points
     - local maxs and mins
     - absolute maxs and mins
     - Derivative Tests (First, Second, Abs on a Closed interval, if only one critical point then absolute)
* [Optimization](optimization/)
* [Applied optimization](appliedOptimization/)
* [Derivatives of trigonometric functions](trigonometricDerivatives/)
* [Implicit differentiation](implicitDifferentiation/)
     - Review Chain Rule
     - Idea of x as a function of y (Algebraic, Graphical, Table, Invertible?)
     - Define $\frac{dx}{dy}$
* [Derivatives of inverse functions](derivativesOfInverseFunctions/)
     - Take derivative of $\ln(x)$ and justify this
     - Take derivative of $\log_b(x)$
     - Take derivative of inverse Trig Formulas
* [Logarithmic differentiation](logarithmicDifferentiation/)
     - Potential examples: Percentage growth rate, 
     - x^x?
* [Advanced graphing of functions](advancedGraphingOfFunctions/)
* [More than one rate](moreThanOneRate/)
     - ``Abstract'' examples of related rates
     - basic or intro examples (to avoid student rebellion)
     - Geometric examples
* [Applied related rates](appliedRelatedRates/)
* [Differential equations](differentialEquations/)
     - Basic vocabulary
     - Verifying solutions
     - Context
     - Euler’s method?
     - difference between equations and functions
     - sometimes easier to equate rates than quantities
* [Antiderivatives](antiderivatives/)
     - Basic vocabulary
     - Basic formulas
     - Basic separable differential equations
     - velocities to distances examples
* [L'Hospital's rule](lhopitalsRule/)
     - include checklist for conditions with examples
* [Approximating the area under a curve](approximatingTheAreaUnderACurve/)
     - what is area?
     - Right, Left, and Midpoint Riemann Sums with $n < 10$
     - idea that more rectangles is better, infinite would be great, a limit might be useful (do not compute)
     - some examples with positive velocity, find net displacement (to use later)
     - relate to “algebra 1” methods
* Sigma notation
     - (maybe a digIn if we have too many days)
     - Sigma notation and its properties (many students have never seen before)
     - Riemann sums with 1000 rectangles and $n$ rectangles
     - Idea that more rectangles is better, infinite would be great, a limit might be useful.
* [Net area](netArea/)
     - Sum of signed area
     - Find the exact area under the curve
     - Idea of Net Area
     - Find Net Area
     - Idea of splitting the area if trying to find total area
     - Idea of Distance being Net Area of Velocity
* [The definite integral](definiteIntegral/)
     - Introduce Integral Notation for the first time
     - Define a Definite Integral
     - Properties of Definite Integrals
     - Integrability
     - Generalized Riemann Sum
* [First Fundamental Theorem of Calculus](firstFundamentalTheoremOfCalculus/)
* [Second Fundamental Theorem of Calculus](secondFundamentalTheoremOfCalculus/)
* [The idea of substitution](substitution/)
     - Integration rules are differentiation rules in reverse
     - Definite integration: area of a rectangle is unchanged if we scale its length and witdth by the same factor in opposite directions
     - Linear change of variables
     - How do we know substitution works for definite integrals without the fundamental theorem?
* [Working with substitution](workingWithSubstitution/)
     - Mechanical process of substitution
* [Applications of integrals](applicationsOfIntegrals/)

Commit message:

textbook README updated with notes from last meeting

textbook/README.md, after:

# Textbook overview
Each lecture will have a
	* welcome (Short paragraph/video along with outcomes)
	* breakGround (Devyn and Riley)
	* multiple digIn's (sections of the chapter)
	* collaborate (recitations)
	* reinforce (problems)

# Textbook outline

* [Understanding functions](understandingFunctions/)
     - What is a function
     - Domain and range, intervals of increasing and decreasing
     - largest subset which could be the domain
     - questions: restrict domain of the function to include this point.
     - Function operations including composition
     - Basic functions: linear, polynomial, rational, roots, piecewise, absolute value
     - Emphasize piecewise (difficult for students on exams)
     - inverse functions: use f(f^{-1}(x)) = x as an explanation for “switch x and y”
     - Triangle problems?
* [Review of famous functions](reviewOfFamousFunctions/)
     - quiz (in all sections) to assess understanding; say something (not in writing) emphasizing that students struggling with this quiz could move to 1150.
     - table of properties
     - some problems in homework emphasizing that you should already know all this
     - graphs, properties, algebraic properties, domain and range, idea of inverse functions
     - $e^x$, $\ln(x)$, trig functions, inverse trig functions
* [What is a limit?](whatIsALimit/)
     - Limits as understanding local behavior of functions. $\sin(x)/x$
     - Wishy-washy ``nearer and nearer'' definition of limits.
     - one-sided limits.
     - Determine graphically whether a particular limit exists.
     - estimating limits numerically and possible errors to this method.
     - determinate and indeterminate forms.
     - include limits with variables in them (to help with derivatives later)
* [Limit laws](limitLaws/)
     - Definition of Continuity
     - Limit Laws
     - Sin/Cos Cont. 
     - Replace a function with a continuous function.
     - Squeeze Theorem
* [Indeterminate forms](indeterminateForms/)
     - AKA ``functions that blow up''
     - idea of the form of a limit (e.g., first time seeing indeterminate forms versus ``determinate'' forms)
     - determinate and indeterminate forms
     - limits of the form non-zero/zero
     - limits of the form zero/zero (do more algebra)
     - determinate and indeterminate forms
* [Using limits to detect asymptotes](asymptotesAsLimits/)
     - definition of vertical asymptotes
     - definition of horizontal asymptotes
     - Slant asymptotes
     - Algebra with infinity. (Determinants forms with infinity) 
     - limits to infinity of famous functions
* [Continuity and the Intermediate Value Theorem](continuity/)
     - bisection method
* [An Application of limits](anApplicationOfLimits/)
     - average velocity stuff goes here
     - ??? include some error estimation ???
* [Bonus Section: The precise definition of a limit](preciseDefinitionOfALimit/)
     - epsilon-delta content in ``bonus'' section
* [Definition of the derivative](definitionOfTheDerivative/)
     - derivative as instantaneous velocity
     - derivative as slope of the tangent line
     - average vs. instantaneous rate of change
     - compute the derivative at a point
     - ??? introduce some linear approximation ideas ???
* [The derivative as a function](derivativeAsAFunction/)
     - Computing the limits that arise from derivatives, finding $f'(x)$ for general $x$
     - Finding the derivative from the graph of the function
     - Relationship between Differentiability and Continuity
     - making piecewise functions continuous
     - Send out some mechanical practice
* [Higher order derivatives and graphs](higherOrderDerivativesAndGraphs/)
     - Higher Order Derivatives Notation/Definition
     - $f''$ as acceleration
     - Concavity
     - Some word problems where you are given a table of values or graph
     - Identifying the relationships between $f$, $f'$, $f''$, such as $f'<0$ implies $f$ decreasing, etc.  (proof later)
     - Drawing graphs: given two of $f$, $f'$, $f''$, draw the third
     - Given a list of properties, draw the (``a'') graph; there isn't a single answer
* [Rules of differentiation](rulesOfDifferentiation/)
     - Constant Rule, Constant Multiple, Sum and Difference
     - Generalized Power Rule (proof for integers only, general proof later)
     - Derivatives of $e^x$ and $\sin(x)$ with proof
     - Derivative of $\ln(x)$ but proof later
     - (!) Some Rates of Change Word Problems
* [The product and quotient rules](productAndQuotientRules/)
     - (!) Some rates of change word problems
* [The chain rule](chainRule/)
     - Review composition of functions
     - (!) Some rates of change word problems
* [Mean Value Theorem](meanValueTheorem/)
     - ??? MVT as a linear version of Taylor’s Theorem ???
* [Linear approximation](linearApproximation/)
     - Emphasis on relationship between linear approximation and tangent line
     - Linear approximation as a function whose graph is the tangent line
     - Second derivative measuring failure of linear approximation
     - ??? differentials ???
     - ??? error bounds ???
* [Maximums and minimums](maximumsAndMinimums/)
     - Define Critical Points, Inflection Points
     - local maxs and mins
     - absolute maxs and mins
     - Derivative Tests (First, Second, Abs on a Closed interval, if only one critical point then absolute)
* [Optimization](optimization/)
* [Applied optimization](appliedOptimization/)
* [Derivatives of trigonometric functions](trigonometricDerivatives/)
* [Implicit differentiation](implicitDifferentiation/)
     - Review Chain Rule
     - Idea of x as a function of y (Algebraic, Graphical, Table, Invertible?)
     - Define $\frac{dx}{dy}$
* [Derivatives of inverse functions](derivativesOfInverseFunctions/)
     - Take derivative of $\ln(x)$ and justify this
     - Take derivative of $\log_b(x)$
     - Take derivative of inverse Trig Formulas
* [Logarithmic differentiation](logarithmicDifferentiation/)
     - Potential examples: Percentage growth rate, 
     - x^x?
* [Advanced graphing of functions](advancedGraphingOfFunctions/)
* [More than one rate](moreThanOneRate/)
     - ``Abstract'' examples of related rates
     - basic or intro examples (to avoid student rebellion)
     - Geometric examples
* [Applied related rates](appliedRelatedRates/)
* [Differential equations](differentialEquations/)
     - Basic vocabulary
     - Verifying solutions
     - Context
     - Euler’s method?
     - difference between equations and functions
     - sometimes easier to equate rates than quantities
* [Antiderivatives](antiderivatives/)
     - Basic vocabulary
     - Basic formulas
     - Basic separable differential equations
     - velocities to distances examples
     - Note: we are not planning to use the integral notation at this point! (Here is f’(x), find f(x).)
* [L'Hospital's rule](lhopitalsRule/)
     - include checklist for conditions with examples
* [Approximating the area under a curve](approximatingTheAreaUnderACurve/)
     - what is area?
     - Right, Left, and Midpoint Riemann Sums with $n < 10$
     - idea that more rectangles is better, infinite would be great, a limit might be useful (do not compute)
     - some examples with positive velocity, find net displacement (to use later)
     - relate to “algebra 1” methods
* Sigma notation
     - (maybe a digIn if we have too many days)
     - Sigma notation and its properties (many students have never seen before)
     - Riemann sums with 1000 rectangles and $n$ rectangles
     - Idea that more rectangles is better, infinite would be great, a limit might be useful.
* [Net area](netArea/)
     - Sum of signed area
     - Find the exact area under the curve
     - Idea of Net Area
     - Find Net Area
     - Idea of splitting the area if trying to find total area
     - Idea of Distance being Net Area of Velocity
* [The definite integral](definiteIntegral/)
     - Introduce Integral Notation for the first time
     - Define a Definite Integral
     - Properties of Definite Integrals
     - Integrability
     - Generalized Riemann Sum
* [First Fundamental Theorem of Calculus](firstFundamentalTheoremOfCalculus/)
* [Second Fundamental Theorem of Calculus](secondFundamentalTheoremOfCalculus/)
     - Notation: $f(b) - f(a) = \int^a_b f’(x) \dx$
     - Make some notes on notation for indefinite integrals
* [The idea of substitution](substitution/)
     - Integration rules are differentiation rules in reverse
     - Definite integration: area of a rectangle is unchanged if we scale its length and witdth by the same factor in opposite directions
     - Linear change of variables
     - How do we know substitution works for definite integrals without the fundamental theorem?
* [Working with substitution](workingWithSubstitution/)
     - Mechanical process of substitution
* [Applications of integrals](applicationsOfIntegrals/)
